docs: Update Instant Config design (#856)
platform-platform/monorepo: metrics/web/docs/features/instant_config/01_instant_config_design.md

> # Firebase Instant config design

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Firestore Instant Config design
```

## TL;DR

Introducing the `Instant Config` feature to the Metrics Web Application allows us to control features behavior for the application remotely without changing a codebase and redeploying. 
We can change configurations remotely direct from the Firestore, and these changes will affect the application without any additional steps. 
This document lists steps and designs the `Instant Config` feature to introduce in the Metrics Web Application.

## Firestore

### Document structure

> To introduce this feature, we need to create a `instant_config` collection to the Firestore database. This collection will contain the `instant_config` document with the following structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To introduce this feature, we need to create an `instant_config` collection in the Firestore database. This collection will contain the `instant_config` document with the following structure:
```

```json
instant_config : {
    isLoginFormEnabled: true,
    isFpsMonitorEnabled: false,
    isRendererDisplayEnabled: false
}
```

### Firestore security rules

> Once we have a new collection, we have to add security rules for this collection. So, we should set the following constraints to the `instant_config` collection: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we have a new collection, we have to add security rules for this collection. Everyone can read `instant_config` collection content but no one has access to create, update or delete collection documents. Thus, the following rules keep:
```

- Access-related rules:
    - not authenticated users **can** read and **cannot** create, update, delete this document; 

>     - authenticated users **can** read and **cannot** create, update, delete this document; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - authenticated users **can** read and **cannot** create, update, delete this document.
```

## Metrics application

> The following paragraph provides an implementation of instant config integration for the Metrics Web Application by layers. Read more about layers and their responsibilities in the [Metrics Web Application architecture document](https://github.com/platform-platform/monorepo/blob/master/metrics/web/docs/01_metrics_web_application_architecture.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sub-sections provide an implementation of instant config integration for the Metrics Web Application by layers. Read more about layers and their responsibilities in the [Metrics Web Application architecture document](https://github.com/platform-platform/monorepo/blob/master/metrics/web/docs/01_metrics_web_application_architecture.md).
```

### Data layer

> The data layer provides the `FirebaseInstantConfigRepository` implementation of `InstantConfigRepository` and `InstantConfigData` that represents the `InstantConfig` entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data layer provides the `FirestoreInstantConfigRepository` implementation of `InstantConfigRepository` and `InstantConfigData` model that represents a `DataModel` implementation for the `InstantConfig` entity.
```

The following class diagram states the structure of the data layer:

![Data layer diagram](http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/proxy?cache=no&fmt=svg&src=https://github.com/platform-platform/monorepo/raw/instant_config_design/metrics/web/docs/features/instant_config/diagrams/instant_config_data_layer_class_diagram.puml)

### Domain layer

> The domain layer should provide an interface for the `FirebaseInstantConfigRepository` we need to interact with the `Firestore API`. Also, the layer provides all the use cases required to interact with the repository, and entities required for the `Instant Config` feature. Thus, the following list of classes should be implemented to fit the feature requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The domain layer should provide an interface for the `FirestoreInstantConfigRepository` we need to interact with the `Firestore database`. Also, the layer provides all the use cases required to interact with the repository, and entities required for the `Instant Config` feature. Thus, the following list of classes should be implemented to fit the feature requirements:
```

- Implement the `InstantConfigRepository` interface with appropriate methods.
- Add the `InstantConfig` entity with fields that come from a remote API.
- Add the `FetchInstantConfigUseCase` to perform fetching configurations.

The following class diagram demonstrates the domain layer structure:

![Domain layer diagram](http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/proxy?cache=no&fmt=svg&src=https://github.com/platform-platform/monorepo/raw/instant_config_design/metrics/web/docs/features/instant_config/diagrams/instant_config_domain_layer_class_diagram.puml)

### Presentation layer

> Once we've added both the domain and data layers, it's time to add the feature to the presentation. `InstantConfigNotifier` maintains the state of the instant config and integrated to the `InjectionContainer` so it is available within the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we've added both the domain and data layers, it's time to add the feature to the presentation. `InstantConfigNotifier` maintains the state of the instant config and is integrated into the `InjectionContainer` so it is available within the application.
```
